https://blockchainatberkeley.blog/radus-an-optimized-crowdsale-model-72515383b153


A sustainable model for a crowdsale. In the current crypto space, many companies have attempted multiple flawed token sale designs and without significant understanding or regulation, such as launching subpar ICOs to capitalize on hype. Tokens have served as a means for companies to raise money quickly, without bearing any measure of accountability. Our model attempts to introduce both stability and accountability into current models. By introducing a phase based system, we create a reasonable, fair evaluation by creating a growth plan for success of the product itself.

In this revised ICO, we want the ICO incentives to align with the objectives of the founding team. Ideally, we create an ICO that promotes stability and fairness to the investors. Previous ICOs have had their valuations rise exponentially on the basis of unwarranted hype and investor FOMO. While this sounds like a good thing, a responsible founding team wants their token’s valuation to be tied to the inherent value of platform rather than speculative hype. In this document, we’ve outlined a way to achieve that by setting a token cap based on expected market interest; bringing in institutional investors early to provide stability, credibility, and accountability; and creating a prolonged release of the token as well as locking periods to further cement the token’s stability.

We were able to deploy RadusToken and Phases to the Rinkeby testnet, but were unable to deploy DutchAuction due to the large contract size. However, Phases cannot function without DutchAuction. As such, while we were able to test the functionality of the model locally, we were unable to do so on the testnet. This means we have been unable to address all issues in the set of smart contracts. We encourage anyone interested in deploying this model to use our work as a framework to develop a more efficient implementation of the ideas laid out here. Reach out to any of us on Blockchain at Berkeley’s slack if you’re interested in deploying this model, or would like to discuss the model in general.

Radus Crowdsale Specification: https://tinyurl.com/radusspec

